The minutes of group meeting in October 21:
1. changed the logic structure of our MVC architecture (mainly in interpreter part);
2. discussed deeply in class diagram of each class;
3. assigned several class diagram to each group member seperately;
4. In the tomorrow meeting, we would combine all parts and get the draft of design document;
